c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\BrioStroy.dll.config
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\BrioStroy.dll
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\BrioStroy.pdb
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Brio.dll
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Brio.pdb
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\obj\Release\BrioStroy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\obj\Release\BrioStroy.dll
c:\Users\Ильназ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\obj\Release\BrioStroy.pdb
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\BrioStroy.dll
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\BrioStroy.pdb
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Brio.dll
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Ninject.dll
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Brio.pdb
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Ninject.xml
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\obj\Release\BrioStroy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\obj\Release\BrioStroy.dll
d:\Actpromo\BrioStroy\BrioStroy\obj\Release\BrioStroy.pdb
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\BrioStroy.dll.config
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\BrioStroy.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\BrioStroy.pdb
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\Brio.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\Ninject.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\Brio.pdb
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\Ninject.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\obj\Release\BrioStroy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\obj\Release\BrioStroy.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Fenestra\BrioStroy\obj\Release\BrioStroy.pdb
